Crypto Priors.

 * Simple RSA of the for N=P\*Q of bytes >= 8178 are sufficiently strong for at
   least a number of years even with quantum computing. But not forever.

 * SHA256 is the only hash function we will *rely* on.

 * For now we don't assume security of the Diffie Gap Theorem. As for users' keys
   that rely on Ed25519 or Secp256k1, we will work on having them register more
   keys as backup for when it is determined that the above are compromised.
   Trezor is more trustworthy.

 * We do not trust Ledger nor the iPhone, certainly not any Android devices.
   We certainly do not trust that there won't be collusion between the iPhone
   and secure SE flash chips.

 * We do not trust any hardware randomness. This means even Ledger generated
   keys.

 * The only entropy that we trust are those generated by the user.
   42 rolls of 20-sided dice. Or the complete shuffling (e.g. 20 times of the
   normal shuffle for most users who aren't familiar with card shuffling).
   The resulting entropy is a byte-string of the form "4 2 20 15 8..." or
   "As 4d Jh Kc Td 9h" etc, human readible.

 * The "mnemonic" specifically refers to BIP mnemonic 24 words, always 24
   words, and must never be entered into any device that ever touches the
   internet. Therefore, only hardware wallets, or, qualified offline computers.

 * Zero Knowledge systems are not possible. We do not trust ZK systems.

 * Unless key generation is completely deterministic, we cannot trust that
   the binary is what we expect. And since we cannot "trust trust", we cannot
   trust that the hardware and OS software running the binary is secure either.
   Therefore the only way to know that the binary is running as intended is to
   first prepare the binary and offline computer, and only afterwards check
   that it computes the same generated key for many input entropies, and
   determine that it is indeed computing the same output key pair for all
   users; and therefore deriving with high probability that the computed key is
   secure.

 * The Offline Computer must not have any WIFI or Bluetooth or any wireless
   communcations hardware. If the computer does have any WIFI devices, they
   must be soldered off. It is not sufficient to "disable the WIFI driver".

 * The keyboard must be an old keyboard with no advanced CPU microchip 
   which may log your keys.

 * The monitor ideally should be old too, as the monitor itself is likely
   compromised.

 * Since the monitor may be compromised, or leak signals, it is also
   imperative that any data that is cryptographically sensitive NOT be
   displayed, but only display as '\*\*\*\*\*\*', AND we must avoid passing
   these values in as cli flags which are also logged in ~/.history,
   ~/.bash\_history, ~/.zsh\_history, ~/.zsh\_sessions, etc.

 * The offline computer itself must be enclosed in a faraday cage.

 * We do not leave any sensitive data in background processes like gpg-agent
   does.

 * We do not trust anyone who prefers to refer to GPG over OpenPGP.

Crypto Pre-launch TODOs.
  
Crypto Post Launch TODOs.
